hi this is Jen from ttpm and I'm here
with Goldie Blox and the dunk tank from
Goldie Blox which is a company created
by female engineer Debbie sterling with
the goal of getting more girls
interested in engineering and doing so
in a fun and engaging way the kit comes
with a storybook and includes a fifty
two piece set of axles rods figures and
accessories the book continues to follow
the adventures of its young female
engineering heroine Goldie Blox
and guide its readers to build the
engineering model that Goldie Blox and
her friends create and in this story
Goldie's pet pup nacho is badly in need
of a bath follow along as Goldie
attempts to find different ways to get
nacho clean and in the end a dumb tech
turns out to be the best solution
symbols on the pages will indicate when
to grab a tool or character as you move
through the storyline this is a shorter
and smaller kit than previous ones in
the line so there is actually only one
build the dunk tank and while there are
guides to create two additional builds
with the pieces along with relying on
your own imagination with only one main
build it's a bit disappointing and once
again the pieces don't stay together
very well which we think to some degree
defeats the fun of inviting girls to
build in the first place overall while
we really like the unique and inspiring
concept of goalie blocks and how it
incorporates the use of storytelling
with building we feel the execution of
the line continues to fall flat we also
feel that especially given there is only
one build in this kit for the cost it
really should delve further into how the
elements of these bills such as the
spinning axles are used for real-world
application and if not providing this
information within the books pages
perhaps on its website so girls can
further understand these concepts beyond
the toys they create Goldie Blox and the
dunk tank is from Goldie Blox and is for
ages 4 and up for more information on
this and other toys head over to our
website at ttpm
or you can download our free app shop
for kids by tiny play mag for more info
on the go